---
layout: post
title:  "SANS Holiday Hack 2017 - Write-up"
date:   2018-01-10 00:00:01
categories: jekyll update
---

Quick answers

Q: Visit the North Pole and Beyond at the Winter Wonder Landing Level to collect the first page of The Great Book using a giant snowball. What is the title of that page?  
A: "About this book…"    
    
Q: Investigate the Letters to Santa application at https://l2s.northpolechristmastown.com. What is the topic of The Great Book page available in the web root of the server? What is Alabaster Snowball’s password?     
A1: "On the topic of flying animals"    
A2: "stream_unhappy_buy_loss"      
    
Q: The North Pole engineering team uses a Windows SMB server for sharing documentation and correspondence. Using your access to the Letters to Santa server, identify and enumerate the SMB file-sharing server. What is the file server share name?  
A:“filestor”    
    
Q: Elf Web Access (EWA) is the preferred mailer for North Pole elves, available internally at http://mail.northpolechristmastown.com. What can you learn from The Great Book page found in an e-mail on that server?  
A: The story of the “Lollipop Guild” which describes the possibility of the munchkins of Oz acting as insider threats.    
    
Q: How many infractions are required to be marked as naughty on Santa’s Naughty and Nice List? What are the names of at least six insider threat moles? Who is throwing the snowballs from the top of the North Pole Mountain and what is your proof?  
A1: 4  
A2: Bini Aru, Boq Questrian, Erin Tran, Kirsty Evans, Lance Montoya, Nina Fitzgerald, Tracey Rowe, Wesley Morton  
A3: Bumble, under a spell by the “Good” Witch Glenda… Sam the Snowman confirms and Glenda admits it. 
    
Q: The North Pole engineering team has introduced an Elf as a Service (EaaS) platform to optimize resource allocation for mission-critical Christmas engineering projects at http://eaas.northpolechristmastown.com. Visit the system and retrieve instructions for accessing The Great Book page from C:\greatbook.txt. Then retrieve The Great Book PDF file by following those directions. What is the title of The Great Book page?  
A: "The dreaded inter-dimensional tornadoes"  
    
Q: Like any other complex SCADA systems, the North Pole uses Elf-Machine Interfaces (EMI) to monitor and control critical infrastructure assets. These systems serve many uses, including email access and web browsing. Gain access to the EMI server through the use of a phishing attack with your access to the EWA server. Retrieve The Great Book page from C:\GreatBookPage7.pdf. What does The Great Book page describe?  
A: The _great_ witches of oz    
    
Q: Fetch the letter to Santa from the North Pole Elf Database at http://edb.northpolechristmastown.com. Who wrote the letter?    
A: The Wizard of Oz    
    
Q: Which character is ultimately the villain causing the giant snowball problem. What is the villain’s motive?  
A: Glinda, the "good" witch. War profiteering.  

Check out the [full write-up][writeup].

[writeup]: /assets/hh2017.pdf
